ivtest: Document the ivest/regress-vNN.list file. (#834)
steveicarus/iverilog: Documentation/developer/version_stamps.rst

the new version information. The following used to have verion information in
them, but now their version information is generated:

The version_tag.h file is generated from git tag information using
the "make version" target, or automatically if the version_tag.h
file doesn't exist at all. This implies that a "make version" is

> someting worth doing  when you do a "git pull" or create commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
something worth doing when you do a "git pull" or create commits.
```

Author: Fixed.

* version-base.in     -- Most compiled code gets version from here

These are now edited by the makefile and the version.exe program:

* iverilog-vpi.man    -- The .TH tag has a version string
* driver/iverilog.man -- The .TH tag has a version string
* driver-vpi/res.rc   -- Used to build Windows version stamp
* vvp/vvp.man         -- The .TH tag has a version string

This now includes version_base.h to get the version:

* vpi/vams_simparam.c -- Hard coded result to simulatorVersion query

This is actually a test file list that is specific to a major version.
The regression test scripts query the version of the compiler to infer
that it must include this list of tests. For example, for version 12.x

> of the compiler, the needs to be an ivltets/revress-v12.list file that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the compiler, the needs to be an ilvtests/regress-v12.list file that
```

Author: Fixed.
